Young Master Qín
You absolutely
Can’t forgive her
What the hell are you trying to say?
What I mean is
We can work together
I’ll
Help you investigate her lover
You help me delete the video
This should be a piece of cake
For Young Master Qín, right?
Not necessary
I completely trust Ruò Yǔ
You keep scheming
To get those videos
And bring about
Your own exposure and torment
I don’t believe
There’s any man in this world
Who can tolerate being cheated on
Qín Fēng
Sooner or later
You’ll come begging me
Mark my words
I absolutely didn’t do anything
To betray you
Those photos
Are all
I believe you
Otherwise
I wouldn’t have laid out
Everything Jiǎng Sī Sī said
So clearly
For you to hear